hey dear friends and welcome back
wants two reasons drive
we play the maps, apple returns yes
nice start in image start holes like that
I want and I just hope that we
I'll break some here again
I'm in a good mood and confident
that we will classify a lot here
should play wonderful against that stone
step and would have our set
completely not true
Thank you very much for the set
and then a wooden sword I'll get you
love you all as they should times
is was a bug and I can not think if I
have what the chamber is 5000 chamber
actually that is of useless is mine
what do you need chamber people good for
If you have less than 20 km you will be banned
and war per day 10 you can go back
that then someday again
you can play at under 20 km h
do not play because then stop
wanted to make sure that you do not stop
just random people kills in that
You stop at a certain chamber
worth saying is banned or not
can play more
and yes it's just that way
but really came a degree
really totally useless then you know
what people you fly you fly you
fly down
that has now seen less or
what was a focus just what only one
the second point was the 23 points
third of the third of the third must sit
or the third must sit or why
I can not get the third of it
third nice
why did you kill him, why did you
So you killed agrees that when
trek on yes well that's sooner
suboptimal I want to kill you now
would have
then look who up here like that
alone running around
that's why he's on the tree I have that
has seen a tree near or right
you can go to a school somewhere
yes here below
somehow you can bake yourself in there
and gebauer gebauer do you nothing me
Do not you prefer to back up
who attacked me attacked you
are angry if or joke that is right
evil of the type b
People prefer to stay here
security
what should be what players welcomed no what
now I'm here
what was that
therefore not at all that is looked
probably nothing with the roll break
I was again racing from a cargo
kids killed i was detective he was
funny was always nice to see
end of the game so I sure as well
can go that he is in Lausanne and
No trader is and he was in need
Just break me as a detective
was beaten, however, with the
round frozen cargo I hope then
Just put it there
I also liked you
as always for us to see and would
just say it until next time
ciao people heads hello